# University assignments in Python

2.Consider a 3*3 square in which you place "caps". You have 27 "caps", 9 for each size (small, medium, large). A triad that ends the playpen is made horizontally, vertically or diagonally. The triad consists of caps of either the same size or from the smallest to the largest. Because you have caps, a cap can go in any square as long as it is free or there is a smaller cap there. Write a program that randomly plays the game 100 times and returns the average of the steps to end the game.

4.Use the code we have made for "21" (card game) and calculate in how many of the 100 games the first player wins, how many the second player wins, and how many we have a tie. Then tweak the deal so that the first player starts with a 10 or a figure (J,Q, K) and the second player never starts with a 10 or a figure. Calculate the new stats for 100 random games, i.e. how much the first player wins, how much the second player wins, and how many we tie. Each time the cards are dealt from the beginning and the deck is shuffled.

7.Given an ASCII text file which contains a Python dictionary on each line. The dictionary of each line contains the same keys as the other lines. These keys contain values which can only be numbers or text. Write code that reads this file, displays the available keys to the user, and asks the user which of the available keys they are interested in. Then, for that key, it displays the most popular value, the largest and the smallest. Example: Suppose your file contains the following dictionaries {"x":3, "y":4, "name": "bob"} {"x" :13,"y":-4,"name":"malory"} {"x":-3,"y":104,"name":"trudy"} {"x":1,"y":14,"name":"alice"} Your code displays to the user: x, y, name Prompts the user for the key. If the user selects y, your code should return the values -4 and 104.

11.The service https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/leagueofentropy/ offers random numbers. First use https://drand.cloudflare.com/public/latest to find out what the last round is and then get the last 20 values (randomness field) from within https://drand.cloudflare.com/public/{round}. Convert these values into a hexadecimal text and calculate its entropy. The entropy is calculated as the negative sum of the probability nof occurrence of a symbol (here a hexadecimal digit) times the logarithm of that probability (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entropy_(information_theory))
